Program Design Specifications for PYphone:

This project is based on an interactive GUI program run in a graphical window. This program is called the "PYphone", and it is an interactive graphical program 
which mimics the functions of a smartphone. The PYphone includes 9 interactive mini-applications, which can be accessed via the buttons on the phone’s menu. 
Each app has its own function; others are games while others do things like write notes, play sound files, and search websites. 

The major components of this design include the very large class of the PYphone itself, which creates the entire main part of the PYphone GUI 
including the graphics and buttons on the main menu screen; it also has 2 functioning apps attached to its class, which are the user information and settings apps, 
since they are better off as part of the PYphone class itself. The other 7 apps have their own individual classes, but they are run on the same graphical window and
have similar functions which include the building and deletion of the individual GUI as well as the checks for exit button clicks for returning to the main menu on 
the PYphone. Other classes include the csaudio and wavmod classes necessary for the sound player app (soundplayer.py) and the dieview class necessary for the 
dice roll app (diceroll.py). All 7 app classes are imported to the large PYphone class, and the entire PYphone class is imported to the main code (main.py) for the 
program to run. 

The kinds of testing done for this program include major testing on how well the phone buttons work, how well the individual apps run (especially on 
apps that are games), as well as testing on the most ideal GUI structure and graphical look for each individual app as well. Other testing includes checking 
if the imported files for the Internet, diceroll, and soundplayer apps are working and correspond with the written code in their classes. Future modifications 
may include improved versions of the PYphone apps as well as new apps and the ability to create your own application. In addition, other modifications may 
include a working on/off button which simulates the phone’s screen being turned off and on as well as a working clock that will be shown on the phone. 
Also, the graphics for the look of the PYphone will be improved as well in these later modifications.

-Alex Hernandez
COM110